.\" This manual is:
.\"   Copyright 2012 by J. Patrick Avery, Jr. <netarch@patrick.avery.cx>
.\"
.\" Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
.\" modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions
.\" are met:
.\" 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
.\"    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
.\" 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
.\"    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
.\"    documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.
.\" 3. Neither the name of the University nor the names of its contributors
.\"    may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software
.\"    without specific prior written permission.
.\" .
.\" THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE REGENTS AND CONTRIBUTORS ``AS IS'' AND
.\" ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
.\" IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE
.\" ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE REGENTS OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE
.\" FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL
.\" DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS
.\" OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)
.\" HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT
.\" LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY
.\" OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF
.\" SUCH DAMAGE.
.
.Dd August 8, 2012
.Dt NETARCH 3
.Os "Network Archæology Toolkit"
.Sh NAME
.Nm netarch
.Nd Network Archæology Toolkit
.
.Sh DESCRIPTION
A Python module to aid in the dissection of network protocols and to aid in
cryptanalysis
.
.Sh IMPLEMENTATION NOTES
The following modules are currently included in the netarch module:
.Pp
.
.Bl -tag -width netarch.py_pcapy -compact
.It Nm netarch
A few small classes to handle different encodings and to reliably print binary
data using glyphs that are visually superior, similar to
.Xr hdng 1
.It Nm netarch.ip
A set of classes to analyze TCP streams at the session level
.It Nm netarch.crypto
A set of classes to aid in cryptanalysis
.It Nm netarch.gapstr
A utility class to flexibly represent streams of data which might contain gaps
.It Nm netarch.py_pcap
A utility class that contains a pure Python implementation of
.Lb libpcap that can
both read and write
.Lb libpcap
packet capture files.
.El
.Pp
An example decoder that uses netarch.ip can be found at
.Pa /usr/share/doc/python-netarch/examples/start-here.py
.
.Sh COMPATIBILITY
Python 2 (>= 2.5)
.br
Limited Python 3 compatibility
.
.Sh SEE ALSO
.Xr netre-tools 7 ,
.Xr caesar 1 ,
.Xr hdng 1 ,
.Xr p4split 1 ,
.Xr pcat 1 ,
.Xr pmerge 1 ,
.Xr puniq 1 ,
.Xr repr 1 ,
.Xr rol 1 ,
.Xr rot 1 ,
.Xr unhex 1 ,
.Xr xor 1
.
.Sh AUTHORS
.An Neale Pickett Aq Ad neale@lanl.gov
.
.Sh BUGS
HA! NONE!
